Update email instructions to counsel patience, contact support (#681)
arXiv/arxiv-docs: source/help/registerhelp.md

you have changed institutions, then you should visit the [e-mail change
form](https://arxiv.org/auth/email-change-form). This will ask for your new e-mail
address and will send an e-mail with a verification code to your new
address to make sure that your new address is correct. Please allow up to an hour
for delivery of the verification code, before requesting a new one. If you try two

> times and still haven't recieved a verification code, or your verification code 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
times and still have not received a verification code, or your verification code 
```

> doesn't work, please contact [arXiv user support](https://arxiv.org/support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
does not work, please contact [arXiv user support](https://arxiv.org/support).
```
